Is the name Dad Bi Zhaodi bad?
It's a very patriarchal name.
His parents are too much
It's better to recruit younger brothers than to come to our house
Look at you
You like that younger sister very much. I like it.
I have a birthmark on the back of my hand
The younger sister also has a birthmark on the back of her hand
Dad thinks it's more coincidental than you
You said he had a birthmark on the back of his hand
Uh, really?
Yeah, great.
That's great, why are you so excited?
That sister Zhao is likely to be your own sister
Don't answer the phone
Blind catch aunt is a good person
Why did you do this to him?
You won't be familiar with it for five years
Your mother waved gently
You just ran away with him
You are such a white-eyed wolf
Dad, what do you mean by that?
So far
I'm not afraid to tell you
You are not my biological at all
I bought you for 20,000 bucks
Is this bitch your real mother?
Is this aunt my biological mother?
Don't be too happy.
This bitch got me wanted
I can only run here to take refuge
I will never let her go
But
And I want to thank you for bringing him here
Gave me a chance for revenge
Hmm no
Don't hurt my mom
Get out of my way
You eat things inside and out?
Don't hurt my child
Five years now.
I finally found you
What a mother-daughter relationship
Today I will let you go to the appointment of the underworld group